This is a project to make especially consonant and natural-sounding
timbres whose scales fall on the standard 12 tone piano spacing.

All wav files can be generated by running xen12synth.py
The sfz files work with any sfz player

The generated timbres are numbered 15, 12, and 10. They work by
stretching or squeezing the second harmonic to the number of
half-steps in the timbre number, then snapping to the nearest
piano note. These timbres were picked out because they require
especially small amounts of snapping.

It turns out that human ears will perceive a series
of harmonics as a single note if they correspond to the standard
harmonic series with all harmonics brought to the same exponent.
In this case the 12 brings everything to the 12/12=1 power so it's
very close to the standard series, although the snapping to piano
positions makes it notably more consonant particularly on the
tritone. The 15 timbre has overtones at 1^(15/12), 2^(15/12),
3^(15/12), etc. It has a very round sound. The 10 timbre is
squeezed rather than stretched which is something physical
objects never do when they make sound so the human ear is less
accepting of it. It has a concave sound which sounds fractured
and about to break into multiple notes but it's aligned so well
that it's still harmonious. Minor chords with standard timbre
have a bit of this effect.

Individual harmonics are made beatless but fuzzed by modulating
the frequency with adding gaussian noise. Other tricks used to
make a nice sound are described in the code. A standard-sounding
but still very sweet synth sound could be made by using the 12
timbre without snapping the harmonics.
